I'm about to spend $4,000 in the next 7
Minutes buying the most useless looking
Tech on the internet to find out if it
really is as stupid as it looks or if
there's actually hidden genius lying
within useless Tech earphones with a
screen on them surely you just use your
phone or would you someone's actually
made an iPhone case that runs Android
who is this for to be fair I'd use this
but then I'm one of like the five
weirdos who actually does carry around
two phones world's most reol uary phone
case okay I'm interested it's $120 for a
case that barely exists but a lot of
people are saying good things about it
Ching was that a good basket sound yeah
thank you
Ching please don't put that in the edit
the lick day airpods strap are we
actually living in a world where
someone's selling a wire for your
wireless earphones and it has 3 and 1
12,000 reviews all right lick day I lick
the sound of you Que
headphones ah I remember you the Dyson
Zone headphone and face mask it's just
such a strange product that I can only
assume exists for the sole purpose of
getting people to talk about Dyson okay
let's try useless computer tech I wonder
if these companies know that they're
paying for ads to come up when people
type in useless tech oh no Center cam I
just realized what this is so someone's
built a webcam to sit in the middle of
your your screen so that you can have
direct eye contact with whoever you're
calling this just feels like the most
ridiculous form of over engineering to
fix a problem that no one really has oh
we can either get the camera or we can
get the deluxe package which includes a
lens privacy cover then you can cover up
your very poor purchase decisions but
all that said I am actually curious now
stupid gadgets okay Yep this is what we
came for someone's built a smart egg
minder that lets you know when you're
low on eggs or you know you could just
check the eggs before you go shopping
like you will have to do for every
single one of your other products anyway
oh there really are some not very clever
products on the internet what's this the
happy fork the happy fork is a bluetooth
enabled smart fork that vibrates when it
senses you're eating too fast This falls
spoton in the category of I'm pretty
sure it's dumb but it might just work
the Air Neo selfie pocket drone okay so
just so I understand this is a drone
designed to take your selfies there's
just no way that this situation exists
in real life can you imagine you're just
snuggled on the couch sorry babe just
wait a sec let me go grab my drone to
capture this moment but you know what
this is the video where we find out for
sure so if I were to truly try and
embody the useless lifestyle through and
through what products would I surround
myself with well of course there's such
thing as a gaming bed and it has RGB
like lighting further immerse yourself
into that in-game experience and away
from your spouse would I be lying if I
said there wasn't 10% of me that really
wanted one of these it's definitely more
than 10 although speaking of beds the
Sleep bar turns your pillow into an
earphone the most comfortable way to
listen won't disturb your partner in bed
I'm very curious how this measures up to
just using your phone or laptop speaker
oh Etsy of course useless Tech wao W
someone's taken apart a hard drive and
turned it into a clock the IAC home so
this is apparently the most convenient
way to clean it's a stationary vacuum
cleaner it says no more bending over
with a dust pan but then what about a
normal vacuum cleaner it's got a weird
alien drop pod sci-fi kind of vibe to it
though which I kind of dig oh we also
need some useless clothing someone's
designed a jacket with an air
conditioning unit inside I'm just
racking my brain trying to imagine the
situation of oh I'm really hot right now
let me put on my jacket a leather
designer belt that's also a power bank
you'll always have it with you belt
buckles are kind of thick anyway I'm
somewhat interested cuff links that are
also working clogs well okay as long as
you remember to bring your microscope
every time you go out the zip tie
bracelet oops now it's on forever this
thing looks interesting well on one hand
it actually looks a lot like those $20
wish.com sound sound bars but then on
the other hand it's very much that retro
future vibe that screams to the gamer in
me but what exactly is it it basically
just tells you it's got five displays
and they're customizable but not really
what that means all right fine useless
form of Transport the moon Walkers are
the first ever Mobility device that
allows you to walk at the speed of a run
don't know why they're showing people
climbing upstairs though cuz that's one
place you really shouldn't be trying to
run I mean let's say you spend an hour
per day walking around this could cut
that down to 20 minutes and then finally
I want to get some stuff for the kitchen
these always end up being the most fun
sections I think I found a place that
makes custom toasters with whatever
image you give to them okay so you
upload an image and then it's $150 for
one toaster or $700 for 10 toasters if
you want to feed your entire town your
face oh actually why don't we just look
on Tik Tok huh POV you bring the
cocktail lounge home with you so you put
your cocktail capsule of choice in and
then it turns that into that cocktail
designed with your strength preferences
in mind oh wow and it's super well
reviewed
5,163 ratings so let's investigate a
someone's made a smart foret let me ask
you this what hasn't someone tried to
make smart an unmatched touchless
experience kind of like my dating
history there's a spoon here that claims
to elevate the taste of your food it
says the built-in iron sensory
technology mildly excites The Taste
Birds on your tongue we'll be able to
find out pretty quickly for ourselves
whether it's bogus or not the ice
designer tray looks like it engraves
patterns into your ice cubes it's
definitely one of those never occurred
to me to want products but now that I
see those results I am curious the
Thirsty Goose the stylish solution for
men's urinary needs oh this is like one
of those bedside toilet things get the
job done and go back to sleep do you
like winning stay in the zone with the
Thirsty Goose urinal it's actually a
Premium electroplated Gold
beak that's yeah everything's just
arrived and this is probably going to be
the most interesting video in this
ibought series ever for me cuz I have
genuinely no idea if these products are
going to be atrocious or amazing so
let's find out from the cheapest all the
way to the most expensive starting at
$10 for those who decided they wanted to
pay3 times as much money to buy wireless
earphones instead of wired earphones and
then decided they wanted to wire up
those wireless earphones to make them
wired earphones the airpods wire so each
one of these ends has a rather squishy
circular hole place the airpod inside
the hole and oh that's not going
anywhere and so okay let's say I've got
my earphones in and I'm shaking my head
and
I H I feel like the problem is at the
point where one of your earphones is
already flying out your ear it's going
to be traveling with so much momentum
that it can most likely just pull the
other one with it now I think of it are
you more likely to lose both of your
earphones using this here's the thing
though if these actually did properly
secure into your ears then I don't think
the idea of wiring up your wireless
earphones is actually such a crazy idea
because let's say you're an iPhone user
it's not unreasonable that you might
want Apple earphones because they pair
really well but then let's say you want
the best Apple earphones those aren't
wired Apple only makes good wireless
earphones so you have to get the airpods
and then if you're doing a lot of
running with them you have to get some
sort of way of securing them it's just
that this doesn't even really properly
do that job so 2 out of 10 on the
actually useful scale now for a product
that on a very personal level I'm
excited for the spoon that makes your
food taste
better yesh well let's hope the product
is better designed than the packaging I
it does all sound a little bit science
fiction this thing supposedly enhances
the flavor of the food improves your
aftertastes by exciting your tongue with
mild electr
stimulation okay yogurt
me that could have gone worse so your
finger needs to be covering the contact
strip at the back your food needs to
cover the emitter on the front and then
as soon as you've done that apparently
when my lips touch this food it's going
to complete some sort of circuit and
activate the
technology the light does come
on interesting I was completely
convinced this was going to be bogus but
why did that actually taste nice this is
my yogurt connoisseur era I think it
might actually just be really nice
yogurt I signed up to review Tech not
yogurt okay maybe we do it VI ratings
it's a normal
spoon8 out of 10 spoon
[Music]
Tech 8 out of 10 so what I'm imagining
is happening here is as soon as my lips
touch that spoon it is completing some
sort of circuit that lights up an LED on
the inside and that's all it does oh
yeah look you don't need food or your
mouth to activate the
technology but we should try this with
more Foods throughout the video and then
when we're done we could actually just
take it apart and see for ourselves and
while we're in the kitchen there's no
point lying about it I'm a bit of a
sucker for a fruity pink cocktail daddy
chill anytime I make something a dinner
a drink a YouTube video I always like to
make sure that it's presented well and
so that part of my brain really
gravitates towards this idea of this Ice
Cube designer tray but then the rational
part of my brain is thinking yes Aon $40
and 10 minutes of time to carve a
pattern into an already melting Ice Cube
to make one drink look 5% nicer for 60
seconds not your best purchase so let's
find
out okay so Ice Cube goes onto here and
then oh my God wait that was like that
was like three seconds okay wait so now
I use this
one I did not expect the pace of this
thing and not going to lie it's really
cool how it works too it's no
electronics it's just aluminium that
quickly conducts heat from the air and
transfers it to the Ice Cube so that the
bits that touch the ice melt the ice I'm
just so impressed at how something so
manual is still able to work so
efficiently and then to think you could
have like 12 ice cubes going all at the
same time so this is actually what
barbecues look like in the UK I was
definitely expecting this to be one of
those expectation versus reality
products but question is though how long
does the pattern last when you put it
into a drink so it's been about 2
minutes and I'd say it's mostly gone at
this point but this was a room
temperature drink if you put it into an
already refrigerator drink probably get
five out of it but you know what not
pointless at all that's a 9 out of 10 so
you remember the spoon Tech it was an
interesting idea but I feel like for
more of us the problem is not that food
needs to taste better it's that it
already tastes a little too good and
that is what the happy fork is designed
for and while on one hand it does seem
abolutely ridiculous to let a fork
decide when you're full or not as
opposed to just you know knowing
yourself there's one thing that makes me
think it has a chance it's that while of
course we do know very well ourselves
when we've had enough it's pretty widely
documented that there is a 20 minute
delay between us actually having eaten
enough and our body communicating to our
brain that we've eaten enough so that's
20 minutes within which you might well
be eating way more than your body needs
so happy fork which is now aggressively
vibrating to tell me that it's on is
designed to help you slow down by
measuring all sorts of things like how
often the fork touches your mouth how
long it spends in your mouth it's all
very intimate stuff but the idea is that
it will figure out if you're eating too
fast and it will alert you okay so first
sign of poor product design there's a
blinking LED light to tell you that the
fork is active you can barely see it so
I think I'm just going to try and
specifically eat quickly now to see if
it
triggers okay it buzzed four bites in so
I guess that a very basic level it does
what it says it's
doing that was a lot of chickpeas that's
a bit spicy so what if I eat at my
normal
speed I'm a little bit scared of being
judged
[Music]
here so I can buite feel like I need to
evaluate my entire life so what I'm
curious about is what metrics is this
using to decide what counts as a
mouthful of food and can you trick it so
what if I just go
[Music]
empty okay second bite it buzzes what if
I don't even touch my mouth okay that
does nothing so it seems like this
actually works in a very similar way to
the spoon Tech this entire handle is
basically one metal contact point and
then this becomes the other and to
complete the circuit it has to go inside
your mouth I guess this is the
technological way of achieving the same
thing yum the spice is really
building kind of wish I was back doing
the yogurt now so product does actually
work and the way the product works is
actually pretty foolproof like as long
as you're not trying to trick it I'd say
it does deliver on its premise pretty
well only thing is it was meant to be a
mobile app which let you upload and
track the data from it but since I guess
this didn't sell the billions that the
found as we hoping the app no longer
exists so you lose half of the
functionality still a seven $120 $120 is
what we just spent on this phone case
let's be honest not really even a phone
case my hypothesis is that it's going to
be worse but maybe just maybe they
figured out something here that the
others haven't so I will give them this
it might look like your unhinged child
has just melted some toy plastic jewelry
over the back of your phone but in
person this actually feels very high
quality this is Aerospace grade
aluminium on the outside for high
structural strength and then on the
inside is a rubbery elastomer that's
designed to spread the impact away from
the point of contact but does it work so
let's find
out starting now oh good technically
though the phone is absolutely fine you
can see where the case has taken a bit
of a hit but the phone is exactly as it
was do you know what this is really
growing in my rankings because it really
does feel like you're just using your
phone naked in terms of the weight the
thickness and also the fact that you are
for the most part directly touching your
real phone's body so that was drop one
which shows that the case can protect
your phone if you have a bit of a fumble
and it falls out of pocket height drop
two though is where we actively try and
damage it okay 3 2 1
oh it's looking pretty good okay that is
yet again a completely unmarked iPhone
now for test three the uneven surface
this is where I imagine it is going to
break but if it survives then I would go
as far as to say good product given how
many benefits there are to the way it
feels and also things like reduced 5G
interference and better heat dissipation
these cobbled floors scare me but I
think we're just going to have to yink
it in three 2
one let's find out okay Moment of Truth
and we are absolutely fine o decent
chunk of damage in that top corner I got
to say though I was very resistant about
this product but every time I've
interacted with it it's improved
slightly in my rankings the center
screen webcam though has really got its
work cut out for me if it wants to
impress me cuz well I mean it's not even
necessarily because the idea is dumb but
more because of the existence of AI I'll
explain I'd say the camera is decently
specked it's got a 1080p resolution and
an F 2.1 aperture which should let in a
reasonable amount of light but the thing
I'm most curious about is is the quality
going to be significantly better than a
normal webcam because it's taking up
about eight times the depth okay so you
clamp the peg on top of your laptop oh
my God this looks
ridiculous
usba need an adapter USB port in there
because I also got the deluxe package
you get a light
which now can't go in the center of your
screen oh again with the cables though I
imagine it's been designed to
accommodate big desktop PCS but it just
means that for a laptop user this is not
a good look hello can you hear me yeah
wow yes I can okay one second so I've
got a little lighting fixture over here
that comes with it how do I look it's
better than not having it so what's the
quality like on your end well the
quality is not
good it's purple uh it's dark it's a uh
just cut out as
well wait this is so embarrassing oh
there there you go okay so so the
question is yeah so am I making direct
eye contact with you if I kind of oh
actually no so I sped the way the way I
meant to do it is Bend this camera so
it's over your face and
now now it's
sideways but if uh if I was sideways
this would that's yeah sure you can say
that's I yeah so actually yeah the only
way to get eye contact with this call is
to cover the person you're calling so
you're probably not seeing part of my
face but at least it looks to me like
you're looking at me yeah so I'm trying
I'm trying to think who is this product
for it's like it's for someone who
absolutely obsesses over making eye
contact with someone else who's already
not making eye contact with you have you
seen U Microsoft's fake eye contact yes
yeah and nvidia's done it too and that's
kind of what's on my mind like when
something like that that exists and then
you look at the hardware equivalent way
of achieving it it doesn't really make
any sense $150 is where we're at now and
that my friends is a hell of a lot of
money to spend on a Bluetooth speaker
also it's absolutely miniature it's not
a convincing start the thing feels empty
but I'm curious cuz you might know that
I've gotten into the Habit recently of
watching a little bit of TV on my laptop
as I'm falling asleep I don't know how
it happened but as soon as my body hears
an American sitcom it just starts
shutting down so at this point I'm just
not questioning it point is I am the
target market for this I'm just I'm not
convinced how this is going to be any
better than listening on laptop speakers
so it works using bone conduction which
means that unlike a normal Bluetooth
speaker which evenly spreads out the
vibration in like 180 this concentrates
those vibrations within your skull and
so that would explain how they've
apparently made it so that only you can
hear what's coming out of this and not
the person sleeping next to you so this
is approximately what my sleep setup
looks like got a laptop on the side
where I'm watching my show my pillow
where I put my head and the duska is
going to go beneath that right let's
take this thing for a spin I don't
actually fall asleep to my own videos
this is for copyright purposes oh
interesting so when you play the speaker
and you're just holding it out like this
it sounds bad it sounds extremely tiny
but putting it under here shows that it
has been thoroughly optimized for this
under pillow environment it sounds
completely different so does it matter
where I am in the pillow the sound does
fade As you move away from it but not
significantly like I can still hear the
video while all the way on the other end
of the pillow okay but what happens when
you turn and lie on your back okay I'd
say you lose about 20% of the volume but
still very audible I wouldn't say the
sound is crystal clear this isn't a $150
audio experience but it's full it feels
like you're enveloped within it because
you kind of are there is also an app
which is it's got power level and one
advantage of this over earphones is that
it should last s nights per charge a
timer which is a little pointless since
most streaming services have timers
built into them and then different sound
profiles which do genuinely improve the
clarity but here's the thing none of
that matters if the person next to you
can hear that sound the only purpose of
this product is if it actually can
isolate that audio to you and you only
otherwise you might as well just listen
on your laptop speakers Joseph can I
borry you I just need a bed partner if
I'm lying down like this and I'm
listening to my bedtime shows how much
can you hear and how disturbing is it to
your sleep that's quite disturbing okay
yeah don't look that so that would that
would stop you from sleeping yes it
would stop me from well among other
reasons okay eliminate the fact that
it's one of our videos it's just out
loud enough that I want to try and
listen to it m so it's kind of too
present to be ignored it's 80% towards
achieving its goal but until it gets to
that 100% where you can't hear it yeah
it's pointless yeah it's actually worse
than sence cool that's handy right thank
you so for the time being this is about
a 4 out of 10 have you ever wanted to
add so much complexity to the simple Act
of taking a selfie that it becomes
actually easier just to ask someone to
take a picture of you well my guess is
the air selfie is going to be the
perfect product for you okay I mean I'll
give it this this is impressively small
and light considering that this is a
drone this is a camera system and I mean
this is a computer of sorts you know
there's supposedly an AI powered autofly
feature on board plus also really nice
quality finish it very much feels like
one of those teenage engineering style
very high quality toy type projects then
I'm just thinking surely surely this
camera is not so amazing that it's worth
keeping a drone in your back pocket at
all times so in
theory okay we're technically Airborne
although I'm not doing anything right
now why are you moving it's like when a
fly is trying to escape from having
flown indoors oh my God you're trying to
kill me can you come down please please
please please please
ah okay so propellers automatically turn
off when it reaches your hand that's
pretty cool so what I want to try here
is autoly it should follow me
oh all right so I've got it on face mode
hello don't care oh dear Cal down no
that's not okay yeah okay I can see my
face where are where are you going where
are you going I'm here oh my
there's a lot of people around here that
are wondering what just
happened the thing so tiny no one saw
anything technically I could take off
from here don't do that probably
shouldn't do that oh it's
there as you can see though the quality
is absolutely atrocious I've in almost
broad daylight and I look like a shadow
right let's see if I can get this face
tracking to work
okay it's technically technically locked
onto
my
face what kind of artificial
intelligence is this okay look here's
the thing this has so many features like
it can do a wide shot of you it can go
far away and do a zoom shot of you it
can fly off take a little video and then
come back to you but the fundamentals of
this drone are just not even close to
good enough to be able to pull them off
in a way that anyone would use I'm
feeling like a 3 out of 10 but if you're
not a photo kind of person there's
another way that you can self- indulge
for $150 with a personalized toaster uh
did they actually include a real cooked
slice of bread so anyways this toaster
the Jesus toaster is that what I bought
I'm completely lost this is probably the
weirdest thing I've ever unboxed so uh
what's it like to use now I got to say
for
$150 you expect a pretty good slice of
bread coming out of it but this does
look an awful lot like a generic toaster
with some little metal plates added
inside of it oh craigy that's me every
part of this really does scream made in
someone's garage so I imagine the way
this works is you've got heating
elements behind and then this metal
plate blocks off those heating elements
except for Within These gaps here so I
assume my face is going to be the
toasted part of this
toast so bad is it's hard to get bre you
say bre all right let's just cut to the
chase how am I going to taste while we
let that do its thing check this out you
can now ask the Arya AI baked into the
Opera browser to literally generate an
image at the to of a button actually we
can see how this compares to the toaster
make a toast with a realistic face to
post on
Instagram oh oh is absolutely horrifying
but yeah if you're going to do something
cursed might as well do it properly and
it's not just that it now also
understands the images that you give it
oh I think our toast is
ready that is absolutely atrocious is
that my face which one's AR this is
definitely properly toasted I mean look
at the back of it it's just this whole
metal plate mechanism is well it's not
good so let's say I want to confirm
whether or not this is in fact a face on
my toast let's ask is this a face on my
toast the first image is clearly a
photoshopped image of a face on toast
the second image shows a piece of toast
with some burn mark s that vaguely
resemble a face but it's not a clear or
intentional image but also this is the
only browser where literally every
single thing is one click away if
someone's airing you whatsapp's right
here you want to listen to music while
working the music player is down here I
don't even want to spoil the rest just
give it a go using my link in the
description I guess this is my
plate crispy two out of 10 products
at Max a stationary vacuum cleaner cuz
if only there was some way to bring a
vacuum cleaner straight to the mess you
wanted to clean H Maybe by 2100 we'll
have figured that one out I'm actually
puzzled right now with how many
fingerprints are on this thing I mean
the thing is brand new and it's meant to
be a cleaning product but seriously I am
beused this is called the ivac home but
what is the actual benefit of it in the
home so these right here are infrared
sensors they detect when rubbish gets
within range of the vacuum and then that
turns on the motor on the inside which
according to these guys removes no joke
100% of dust hair and debris so that's
going to have to be a very powerful
motor so I have prepared a little
cocktail to test this thing of trash yes
cooking is my passion don't ask where it
came from but it's all to answer one
simple question how close does trash
have to get to this vacuum for it to
detect it and suck it up right nothing
at 50
cm nothing at 40
nothing at
[Applause]
10 so technically it has detected the
trash I don't even think it's removed 1%
of it okay well let's see what happens
when you push it
closer oh W wo
W and now it's self-destructed is it is
it dead what it did suck up it did with
tremendous Force but I mean what now
okay okay I see I see only cycles for 7
Seconds at a time so that you I guess
don't end up with a vacuumed cat I still
don't understand why in a home setting
because like I guess yeah if you have a
couple of specks of dirt sitting 30 cm
away from it then it's not such a big
deal to kick them towards it and maybe
it will detect some of them but then
also what if the rubbish is all the way
over here if you had a traditional
vacuum cleaner you can take it to that
spot and suck it up but here you have to
take that rubbish and manually push it
all the way towards your vacuum
cleaner off crying out loud and the
infrared sensors are not even picking up
the individual piece of rubbish they
literally have to see the broom also
notice how the dirtiest part of this
whole kitchen is the area directly in
front of this vacuum cleaner okay I'm
tired of this thing here's some burnt
face
[Music]
toast zero out of 10 ah yes the belt
that's also a power bank I think the
most money I've ever spent on a belt
before this one is about $30 so this
better be something special oh so the
belt comes separate and then the Buckle
SL power bank is this meaty thing in
here oh dear uh this is not one of my
better peels I apologize so it is a
handmade leather belt which immediately
gives it some value oh this is cool so
it looks like they've designed their own
custom one siiz fits-all solution so
they've hot print Ed a whole load of
these different ratchets directly onto
the leather and then this Buckle allows
you to just stop at any point on any of
them to confirm your size as someone
whose belt size seems to consistently
fall somewhere in between two of the
Buckle holes this is how you do it for
me right let's put it on and I think
it's time to find out how much can this
actually charge your phone dis can I
borrow your phone please oh this is
actually where it comes in handy um
drisha likes to keep her battery on the
very very edge so it's on 15% right now
then the cable for this thing they
package it like it's a forensic specimen
I can kind of see why because like have
they not heard of USB C to C I've just
realized one of these is a flat cable
the other one is a circular cable the
attention to detail right
well just plugging in my belt right
let's see what it can do okay it doesn't
seem to work on any modern iPhone which
is just bizarre so I'm going to try it
on a Google pixel
8 and it does appear to be charging so
we're at 15% right now so let's see
where it gets to honestly I'm just not
really sure what on Earth this gadget is
on the face of it it very much feels
like a piece of tech for the sake of
being a piece of tech but let's dig
deeper it's fun presentation you got to
give him that it definitely feels
designed for gifting oh yeah okay so
it's not got power baked inside of it so
you need to plug it in at all times oh
no oh oh that's awful that's really bad
the intro animation alone dropped it a
couple of points so this is basically
five customizable pixel art displays
each with a 128x 128 resolution it
actually does look a lot like they just
taped five Apple watch faces together so
I feel like how useful this is rests on
what you're going to be able to put on
those displays so let's have a look oh I
see so there's two types of faces you
get ones that span every single screen
in a pre-configured way or you can
individually decide what you're placing
on every single one of them and there is
a massive gallery of Stills and
animations that you can apply to it
let's have a look at one of the pre-made
ones oh you can have um one of those
Nixie tube clocks and it doesn't look
that great I mean for starters the
screens don't fill the entire area but
also they're LCDs which means that they
very much look like screens nothing
about the contrast or the color
reproduction is at all convincing oh you
can display your YouTube channel
subscribe count like the name of this
tile is YouTube video list so if I click
yes oh
okay so it's got the date it's got the
time the subscriber count the The View
count is that right do we have
5,681 million views I feel like when I
was very early on in the channel this is
the kind of thing I was looking for I
did love the idea of tracking every
single new subscriber you know what this
feels like this feels like the most
designed for Tik Tok product I think
I've ever gotone hands on with
everything is designed to look fun and
interesting from a distance but it
doesn't do anything a phone doesn't
already do and it's not very good
quality and in a pretty similar vein of
potentially not necessary screens it's
time we find out what on Earth is going
on with these Eco earphones cuz I mean
these things are more expensive than a
set of airpods pro it's all a little bit
slicker than I was expecting and it says
right on the home menu long press to
chat GPT 40 that I was not expecting hey
uh translate this to Hindi I'm never
going to give you
up who okay I mean it's not technically
something you can't have on your phone
but one tap from your home menu to get
access to gbt 40 like that is I me it's
already better than most of those AI pin
products wait a second that looks an
awful lot like a a SIM card tray we get
a sim tool oh
wow okay
so out of my Samsung phone and into my
earphones can you try and text me oh my
God wait that worked you're texting my
earphones right now it's actually such a
tiny screen that it's painful to write
on like my my thumbs are aching my neck
is atrociously bent over and every
single word I type is wrong so let's see
what else we can do so you swipe to the
side and you've got access to a bunch of
installed apps and then there's a store
so you got Spotify you've got eom music
which I guess is their own music service
title okay so this is by no means the
full Google Play Store but it's a
specific selection of apps that they've
decided could be useful on your
earphones some of these menus give away
that it's actually built on a very old
version of Android something like
Android 7 or 8 I'm going to say but
they've just dressed it up very nicely
there with let me just log in oh my God
got to do it on this keyboard okay all
right give me like 10 minutes oh my God
can't believe I'm doing this we're in
business this is Spotify it is
absolutely miniature I don't know like
when would you choose to browse Spotify
this way as opposed to just taking your
phone out of your pocket but the big
Flagship feature that they keep honking
on about with these earphones is the
real time translation take this thing
for a spin let's do it okay okay you so
this is called dual earbud mode so you
click the right earbud Let's Go Spanish
you said
see hola yoy
Joseph okay so it said hello I am hose I
heard me as well which is interesting
there's a decent delay this is a
slightly worse version of the
translation that exists with both Google
and Samsung now right so let me try um
hey where is the
library okay so it works from the the
yeah it's pretty good so what did you
hear I heard oh yeah Desta which is I
think correct the quality just isn't
there for what is supposed to be more
expensive than it's not there but the
systems are kind of in place like it's
co that the transcript is available on
there it's called that you can activate
via the stems of the earphones but the
quality and the latency needs work yeah
I like that the different colors that's
nice it's like very clean UI if you were
able to fit all of the text on there
it's weird that it's cutting off its own
text when it knew the size of it own
actually should probably just listen to
how they sound as earphones okay
Spotify well they definitely sound
better than they feel the moment you
take them out you think what is this
cheap plasticky thing okay I mean I just
feel like this is yet another textbook
example of one tech product trying to do
two very separate things and doing
neither as well as having two separate
Tech products and to be honest even if
you had just $350 to spend and you
needed to buy both a phone and a pair of
earphones I would probably still
recommend you buy a separate phone and
pair of earphones it's just you do not
want to use this screen for your main
smartphone at
$350 then the second most expensive
product in this video this is the
bartesian and I guess you could say it's
kind of like the coffee maker of
cocktails and man is this an
unexpectedly weighty bit of Kit my first
thought is actually like quite a few of
the products in this video this feels
surprisingly high quality I've tested a
lot of viral Tik Tok Gadgets in my time
and usually the whole appeal is this
does something cool and this doesn't
cost a lot of money and so when you
actually get them in your hand you're
like oh this is made of very cheap
plastic but not actually the case here
all these canisters are proper glass got
a proper heavyduty rubber mat as well
underneath so let's break down the value
proposition here the way they try and
sell this thing is if you live in a big
city and you go out and you get a
cocktail you're probably going to pay
about $15 for that drink using one of
these bartesian capsules and it's
apparently $225 per drink okay so
capsule goes in like so and actually
I've just realized there is a barcode
reader up there which is presumably
scanning the barcode on the capsule to
identify what drink you're trying to
make although then that does mean this
is only going to work with Barian
branded capsules
M all right it says place a highball
glass with ice under the dispenser oh
well I know just the way to get some ice
in here let's go honeycomb I think I'm
going to use this tray every single time
I make a cocktail from now on okay
bigger cup
that's how it's done then you get to
select your spirit strength so we'll go
light and then you click mix and then
the idea is that it draws the spirit it
needs to use to make that drink from one
of these canisters in the sides wow that
was fast that was really fast so is that
just
[Music]
done
oh having some
mix maybe while we're out of this might
improve the the
flavor it really did just need a
mix good soup so on one hand I get it
this makes sense to me I understand why
it's popular it's cool it's a
centerpiece and it makes drinks really
quickly but then if you properly think
about it what is it actually doing it's
not cooling the drinks down you need an
ice cube it's not carbonating the drinks
everything that comes out of it is still
it's barely even mixing them you need a
spoon for that the only thing that it is
doing is making sure that your drink has
the correct amount of spirit and it's
not too strong but then I just feel like
soak at a shot glass so fancy fun pretty
pointless four out of 10 oh actually as
promised before we continue let's see
what's inside this
spoon start by peeling off the rubber at
the back I'm very curious any
predictions what tech is hiding
underneath oh I see a battery a FL a few
moments later time and two finger slices
later we inside and so we have a battery
this metal contact point is literally
nothing more than a metal contact point
but if you follow the lead from that
battery it goes all the way
into an LED light over here
and nothing else so the spoon Tech is
not just a spoon it's a spoon and a
light time for the most expensive
product of them all the $1,400 device
devices that claim to have reinvented
walking it's an extremely heavy box so
we take this layer off and then nice
it's a cool bag does not smell good
though that is straight off the lines
and then the moon Walkers below that so
I know what you're thinking shoes with
wheels at the bottom designed to make
you
faster skates they're called skates but
actually that's specifically what the
brand is trying to get away from because
apparently you genuinely do just walk
this isn't like skating because you're
not needing to learn new skill I won't
lie to you now that I've got these
things here in person the efficiency
part of my brain is actually very much
excited to see how much time I could
potentially save and how fun this could
be as far as putting them on uh kind of
intuitive but a little bit of a faf you
have these magnetic tags that latch on
and then you tighten using the velcro
and then you basically just hold the
power button on the back of each shoe I
absolutely love the fact that there's no
phone app it's actually really
refreshing for everything you need to
just be on the products themselves so
now both lights are green which shows me
they're active okay right and now in
theory I just walk this is my first time
ever actually doing this are these
skates or is this walking
reinvented uh okay all right all right
oh my god oh I am moving oh no car car
car car car car oh it's a really
interesting feeling it feels like the
gravitational pull beneath my feet has
just increased tfold it's weird I can
definitely feel the power beneath my
feet oh oh I'm starting to get it okay
so you have to put a little bit more
pressure down you almost have to be it's
kind of like riding a bike the more
confidence with which you do it the
better you're going to be at it oh my
goodness Conquering the uphill terrain
it feels secure and Powerful wow okay
we're going now I can say with absolute
certainty I've never walked at this pace
before like I've tried to balance on
some pretty odd vehicles in my time this
doesn't feel like one of them honestly
I'm pretty impressed if the reason that
your walking places is to burn more
calories then going faster using a
device like this makes zero sense but if
you're walking a lot of places because
you have to walk a lot of places then by
all means this is a faster cooler way of
doing that not pointless at all really 8
out of
10 oh and actually while we're at it the
belt so the phone is on it's on 12% it's
been charging this entire time it shows
it's been charging this entire time but
it's going down in battery have I ever
used a charger it's not even able to
keep battery constant I mean it serves
the function of being a belt but you
know this isn't this isn't a belt review
channel so as far as a tech is concerned
one out of 10